this is news 116 that by a police
officer and his girlfriend are dead in
what investigators call a murder-suicide
it's our top story on Newswatch 16 at
5:00 good evening and thank you for
joining us I'm Paula Jean Jacques mo
John is off tonight
- 24 year-olds are dead one of them a
Pittston Township police officer the
other his girlfriend investigators are
calling this a murder-suicide both were
found dead just before midnight at a
home near Dallas in Luzerne County
Newswatch 16 Jim Murdoch is live tonight
at the Pittston Township police station
Jim well Paul the dead had been
identified as Kate McGuire of Franklin
Township and Matt broken Shire I of
Wyoming now he was a police officer here
at the Piston Township Police Department
he joined the force
last summer investigators say during a
fight last night Matt shot and killed
his girlfriend and then he turned the
gun on himself
police say 24 year old Kate McGuire and
24 year-old Matt broke and Shire have
been dating for about ten months but
last night police say during an argument
both of them wound up dead shot to death
at this home on West 8th Street and the
village of Orange near Dallas pastor
Leslie Hale Czech heads the orange
United Methodist Church next door and
was shocked to hear the news about the
murder-suicide just a few feet away it's
just so sad that this is what people
think has to come to that it can't be
worked out what was so bad that couldn't
be worked out investigators responded
just before midnight and both were found
shot inside the house kate was
pronounced dead at the scene
Matt was pronounced dead upon arrival at
Geisinger Wyoming Valley Hospital police
were back on the scene this morning
interviewing neighbors and trying to
piece together what happened
the couple graduated from Dallas High
School for the last seven months Matt
was a patrolman here at the Pittston
township police department his
supervisors say he was one of the best
officers they ever had and he'll be
missed his work was excellent he had
good behavior his report paperwork was
always done he was an excellent
officer and a good person we had no
problems with him whatsoever now earlier
today I did speak with one of Kate's
friends on the phones and she was too
upset to appear on camera but she called
Kate a dear friend and she said that
she'll be greatly missed
Jim Murdoch Newswatch 16 reporting live
tonight in Pittston Township